DRAFT - 22.0.0.4 GA Blog (#2163)
OpenLiberty/blogs: posts/2022-04-12-ga-release-post.adoc

Open Liberty 22.0.0.2-beta adds the ability to auto detect and process this new format.

An example of a truncated url-encoded certificate sent to application server:app-name:

[source]
----
[-----BEGIN%20CERTIFICATE-----%0AMIIDODCCAiCgAwIBAgIIHbO76YfCH1cwDQYJKoZIhvcNAQELBQAw
OjELMAkGA1UE%0ABhMCVVMxDDAKBgNVBAoTA0lCTTEMMAoGA1UECxMDVFdTMQ8wDQYDVQQDEwZDbGll%0AbnQ
wHhcNMTUxMTAzMTYyODM1WhcNMzUxMDMwMTYyODM1WjA6MQswCQYDVQQGEwJV%0AUzEMMAoGA1UEChMDSUJNM
QwwCgYDVQQLEwNUV1MxDz%2F%2Bpo%2FF%2Bzi%2F0sfAUwRdfgMm%2FAKAGzwMQufOYeKCgMULtq14QAJQnL
mq4M%2FM00%0AC5QyeYtdaTou%2BMsLmoa1tkq2VSDVxAcktJyRSRsox36G7EHDLV4U2gtR6xczNEjw%0A2%2
Bsj772FjdAMXRSR%0A-----END%20CERTIFICATE-----%0A]
----

Note: 

* (1) The header (i.e BEGIN ) and footer (i.e END) information are appended before sending to application server.
* (2) The encoded character (i.e %) presents in the certificate.

> Prior to Open Liberty 22.0.0.2-beta, this new url-encoded certificate was not supported. Any request with this new format was rejected and the request terminated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prior to Open Liberty 22.0.0.4, this new url-encoded certificate was not supported. Any request with this new format was rejected and the request terminated.
```
